Add aws-lambda cd tutorial (#418)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/tutorials/aws-lambda/index.md

    using AWS Lambda and API Gateway.
*   [Pull data from 3rd party API and ingest into TimescaleDB](/tutorials/aws-lambda/3rd-party-api-ingest)
    using AWS Lambda and Docker. This is great if you have a lot of dependencies.

> *   [Auto-deploy your Lambda function from Github](/tutorials/aws-lambda/continuous-deployment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   [Consinuously deploy your Lambda function with GitHub Actions](/tutorials/aws-lambda/continuous-deployment)
```
